Upvotes: 32
Conviction vs. Consistent Profit

I have been blessed with a lot of money trading memecoins. So I feel I should share some of the wisdom I have accumulated. After years of research and observation, I realize there are two ways you can actively make money in DeFi trading:

1. Trade leverage long large caps like BTC and ETH and make consistent returns daily. The advantage of this method is that once you have achieved your daily goal, then you no longer have any risk that you need to worry about. The disadvantage is that your returns are on the lower side and the daily trading involves a lot of stress.

2. Find a coin with a community that has a high conviction and drive. Invest heavily by dollar cost averaging (DCA) during dips while working actively to promote the project in whatever way you can leveraging your strength. Before investing and committing, look for communities that have people with almost 100% of their portfolio in this token. The advantage of this method is that the returns are usually in the generational wealth category. The disadvantage of this is that it requires a risk appetite of epic proportions.

Many people stick to one of the methods but some do a combination of both. No matter you’re your approach is, please note that buying new launches and flipping them will not make you money consistently because 98% of the time you will lose money. The odds are not in your favour.

If you choose option 1, then do your research on fundamentals and technicals and trade accordingly. Nothing much can be said about this as there is no single strategy that is best.

However, if you choose option 2, then your research part needs to be very painstaking before you go heavy with your capital deployment. Look at social activity, IRL presence, easy of adoption by normies and definitely the energy in the telegram or discord chats. If the chat is usually very active and positive without any political or hateful content, then you have your first green flag. Lurk around a bit in the chat and try to get a feel for the conviction in the community. For example, in the $KENDU community, there was one person who sold his house to mobilize capital to buy KENDU dips. Someone quit his job to focus on building KENDU full time. Some started their own businesses under the KENDU brand umbrella. This shows incredible level of conviction in the community.

Once you have chosen your community, the next step is to work and see how the community survives near-extinction events such as rogue dev dumping bundles, etc. If your coin seems to have survived these for at least one year and bounce back, then you have a clear winner. Drop everything else on DeFi and focus hard on this.

https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoMoonShots/comments/1l86pkx/conviction_vs_consistent_profit/